<?xml version='1.0' encoding='UTF-8' ?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"
      xmlns:h="http://xmlns.jcp.org/jsf/html"
      xmlns:ui="http://xmlns.jcp.org/jsf/facelets">
    <h:head>
        <title>Facelet Title</title>
    </h:head>
    <h:body>
        <ui:composition template="userfacelet.xhtml">
            <ui:define name="content">
                <section class="page-header contactus_page">
                    <div class="container">
                        <div class="page-header_wrap">
                            <div class="page-heading">
                                <h1>Terms and condition</h1>
                            </div>
                            <ul class="coustom-breadcrumb">
                                <li><a href="home.jsf">Home</a></li>
                                <li>Terms and Condition</li>
                            </ul>
                        </div>
                    </div>
                    <!-- Dark Overlay-->
                    <div class="dark-overlay"></div>
                </section>

                <section class="about_us section-padding">
                    <div class="container">
                        <div class="section-header text-center">
                            <h2>Terms and Conditions</h2>
                            <p>
Welcome to Yahoo! India. 1Yahoo Web Services India Private Limited Yahoo", "we" or "us" as the case may be) provides the Service (defined below) to you, subject to the following Terms of Service ("TOS"), which may be updated by us from time to time without notice to you. You can review the most current version of the TOS at any time at: http://in.docs.yahoo.com/info/terms/. In addition, when using particular Yahoo services or third party services, you and Yahoo shall be subject to any posted guidelines or rules applicable to such services which may be posted from time to time. All such guidelines or rules, which maybe subject to change, are hereby incorporated by reference into the TOS. In most cases the guides and rules are specific to a particular part of the Service and will assist you in applying the TOS to that part, but to the extent of any inconsistency between the TOS and any guide or rule, the TOS will prevail. We may also offer other services from time to time that are governed by different Terms of Services, in which case the TOS do not apply to such other services if and to the extent expressly excluded by such different Terms of Services. Yahoo also may offer other services from time to time that are governed by different Terms of Services. These TOS do not apply to such other services that are governed by different Terms of Service.

Welcome to Yahoo! India. Yahoo Web Services India Private Limited Yahoo", "we" or "us" as the case may be) provides the Service (defined below) to you, subject to the following Terms of Service ("TOS"), which may be updated by us from time to time without notice to you. You can review the most current version of the TOS at any time at: http://in.docs.yahoo.com/info/terms/. In addition, when using particular Yahoo services or third party services, you and Yahoo shall be subject to any posted guidelines or rules applicable to such services which may be posted from time to time. All such guidelines or rules, which maybe subject to change, are hereby incorporated by reference into the TOS. In most cases the guides and rules are specific to a particular part of the Service and will assist you in applying the TOS to that part, but to the extent of any inconsistency between the TOS and any guide or rule, the TOS will prevail. We may also offer other services from time to time that are governed by different Terms of Services, in which case the TOS do not apply to such other services if and to the extent expressly excluded by such different Terms of Services. Yahoo also may offer other services from time to time that are governed by different Terms of Services. These TOS do not apply to such other services that are governed by different Terms of Service.

Welcome to Yahoo! India. Yahoo Web Services India Private Limited Yahoo", "we" or "us" as the case may be) provides the Service (defined below) to you, subject to the following Terms of Service ("TOS"), which may be updated by us from time to time without notice to you. You can review the most current version of the TOS at any time at: http://in.docs.yahoo.com/info/terms/. In addition, when using particular Yahoo services or third party services, you and Yahoo shall be subject to any posted guidelines or rules applicable to such services which may be posted from time to time. All such guidelines or rules, which maybe subject to change, are hereby incorporated by reference into the TOS. In most cases the guides and rules are specific to a particular part of the Service and will assist you in applying the TOS to that part, but to the extent of any inconsistency between the TOS and any guide or rule, the TOS will prevail. We may also offer other services from time to time that are governed by different Terms of Services, in which case the TOS do not apply to such other services if and to the extent expressly excluded by such different Terms of Services. Yahoo also may offer other services from time to time that are governed by different Terms of Services. These TOS do not apply to such other services that are governed by different Terms of Service. </p>
                        </div>
                      
                    </div>
                </section>
            </ui:define> 
        </ui:composition>
    </h:body>
</html>
